h2. 2009-09-23

h3. Patch webrat to get upload file work

* See here: http://github.com/ijcd/webrat/commit/d79a2920fb17b59e88673d5245c2fc8fbcb7c5f1
* Add below code to .../gems/webrat-0.5.3/lib/webrat/selenium/selenium_session.rb line 51
  <pre>
    def attach_file(field_locator, path, content_type = nil)
      fill_in(field_locator, :with => path)
    end
  </pre>

h2. 2009-08-17

h3. Cucumber + Selenium issue:

* See here: https://webrat.lighthouseapp.com/projects/10503/tickets/277-selenium-tests-not-working-after-050-upgrade

h2. 2009-08-04

h3. Try out AMAZON EC2

* Found AMI: ami-b7aa4cde (http://www.webficient.com/2009/05/03/help-test-our-new-amazon-ec2-images)
* In amazon EC2 management console
**  Create key pair: amazon, downloaded amazon.pem
**  Create security group to grant access to port 22 globally.
* Local

  <pre>
  cd
  mkdir .ec2 && cd .ec2
  mv ~/Downloads/amazon.pem .
  chmod 0600 amazon.pem
  ssh -i amazon.pem root@&;t;IP>
  </pre>

h2. 2009-07-07

h3. Add authentication through nifty_generators

* sudo gem install nifty-generators
* script/generate nifty_authentication
* Create app/helpers/layout_helper.rb, copy content from nifty_layout/generators/layout_helper.rb (because nifty_authentication uses it)

h3. Install Compass to integrate SASS with Rails

* sudo gem install chriseppstein-compass
* compass --rails -f blueprint .
* Remove this line from application.html.haml, for some reason this is not reachable!

  <pre>= stylesheet_link_tag 'compiled/partials/_base.css'</pre>

h2. 2009-03-29

h3. Add rails as a submodule

h3. Move jsgameviewer from public to vendor/plugins/jsgameviewer-0.9.0

* Need to create install.rb and run to copy content over to public/jsgameviewer
* Add public/jsgameviewer to apache config (/etc/apache2/httpd.conf)
  <pre>
  Alias /jsgameviewer /Users/gcao/proj/gocool/vendor/plugins/jsgameviewer-0.9.0
  &lt;Directory "/Users/gcao/proj/gocool/vendor/plugins/jsgameviewer-0.9.0/">
      AllowOverride None
      Options ExecCGI
      Order allow,deny
      Allow from all
  &lt;/Directory>
  </pre>
* Add php support to apache

h2. 2009-03-07

h3. Add dynamic menu

* Download jqueryslidemenu.js, jqueryslidemenu.css, down.gif, right.gif from 
  http://www.dynamicdrive.com/style/csslibrary/item/jquery_multi_level_css_menu_2/#
* Create app/views/layouts/_menu_head.html.erb, _menu_body.html.haml

h3. Add calendar support

* Install calendar_date_select plugin
* sudo gem install calendar_date_select
* Add to environment.rb (config.gem "calendar_date_select")
  
h2. 2009-02-28

h3. Install jRails plugin

* ./script/plugin install http://ennerchi.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/plugins/jrails

h3. Install Haml plugin

* cd ..; git clone git://github.com/nex3/haml.git
* cd haml
* rake install
* cd ../gocool; haml --rails .

h2. 2009-02-07

h3. Add capistrano support

* Copy Capfile from "Bort":http://github.com/fudgestudios/bort.
* Create config/deploy.rb, copy content from Bort:config/deploy/production.rb
* Update project name

h2. 2009-02-06
  
h3. Installed plugins: rspec, rspec-rails

  <pre>
  ./script/plugin install git://github.com/dchelimsky/rspec.git
  ./script/plugin install git://github.com/dchelimsky/rspec-rails.git
  ./script/generate rspec
  </pre>

h3. Deleted test directory