h2. 2010-10-07

h3. Idea - separate data and presentation logic in web page

 * Store data in a data structure which is independent from html/css
 * Data are passed to a renderer which constructs html document and css to achieve
   expected look and feel
 * Forms are part of data
 * Literal data that contains text with link will be splitted into
   array, e.g. "I went to &lt;a href='#'>New York&lt;/t>." becomes 
   ["I went to ", Link.new("New York", "#"), "."]
 * HTML can be constructed on server side or on client side with help of Javascript
 * Data can be stored in session and in browser(as javascript variable)
 * If Data are stored, it is recommended to keep them up to date on client operation,
   this can be basis of one page web application.
 * Data can be easily navigated and each item can be uniquely identified.
 * In generated html, data item id should be inserted (using HTML5 data property
   might be good)
 * Mapping between data item and DOM can be maintained (is this required for some
   operations?)

h3. Prototype of above idea

 * Pick a typical web page (not too simple but not too complex either) and extract
   all its text into a JSON format data structure (including url of links and images
   except decorational or background images)
 * Write ruby code to re-build the page (the purpose is to have same DOM structure)
 * Refactor ruby code to investigate benefits and potentials of this idea

h2. 2010-08-24

h3. Add chinese support to Ubuntu

*	http://hi.baidu.com/muinlive/blog/item/7568af50dd3628618435242d.html
*	Add below content to /var/lib/locales/supported.d/zh
<pre>zh_CN.GB18030 GB18030
zh_CN.GBK GBK
zh_CN.GB2312 GB2312
zh_HK.BIG5 BIG5
zh_TW.BIG5 BIG5
And run sudo locale-gen</pre>

h2. 2009-12-07

h3. Integrate with Discuz!

* Log in
** Use /bbs/logging.php?action=login
** Specify return URL (how?)

* Log out
** Use /bbs/logging.php?action=logout
** Modify logging.php to not require formhash on logging out

* URL for the user
** Grab user id from database
** Use /bbs/space.php?uid=###

h2. 2009-12-01

h3. Production issue

* Problem: Page loading is too slow
** Reason: slow query?
** Fix: 

h2. 2009-11-30

h3. Production issue

* Problem: all games except first are ignored (due to FOUND status)
** Reason: md5 command is not found
** Fix: create a symbolic link to md5sum

h2. 2009-11-25

h3. Production issue

* Error: A Errno::EEXIST occurred in uploads#create (see details in email)
** Fix: create /data/apps/gocool/shared/system/uploads

* Error: A Errno::EACCES occurred in uploads#create: Permission denied - /data/apps/gocool/releases/20091125130621/public/system/uploads
** Fix: make /data/apps/gocool/shared/system/uploads writable

* Problem: each log line is repeated ~10 times
** Fix: Remove duplicate lines in /etc/syslog.conf

* Problem: zipped file are not extracted into individual SGF files
** Fix: Install unzip package, connect to console to delete old zip files

* Problem: Seeds are not loaded. KGS games are not added to platform.
** Fix: move seeds data to migration

* Problem: Game does not show up because the old jsgameviewer is used
** Fix: switch to old jsgameviewer and make it configurable

h2. 2009-09-30

h3. Pagination

* Use will_paginate
* See this page for pagination style: file:///Users/gcao/.gem/ruby/1.8/gems/mislav-will_paginate-2.3.11/examples/index.html

h2. 2009-09-23

h3. Patch webrat to get upload file work

* See here: http://github.com/ijcd/webrat/commit/d79a2920fb17b59e88673d5245c2fc8fbcb7c5f1
* Add below code to .../gems/webrat-0.5.3/lib/webrat/selenium/selenium_session.rb line 51
  <pre>
    def attach_file(field_locator, path, content_type = nil)
      fill_in(field_locator, :with => path)
    end
  </pre>

h2. 2009-08-17

h3. Cucumber + Selenium issue:

* See here: https://webrat.lighthouseapp.com/projects/10503/tickets/277-selenium-tests-not-working-after-050-upgrade

h2. 2009-08-04

h3. Try out AMAZON EC2

* Found AMI: ami-b7aa4cde (http://www.webficient.com/2009/05/03/help-test-our-new-amazon-ec2-images)
* In amazon EC2 management console
**  Create key pair: amazon, downloaded amazon.pem
**  Create security group to grant access to port 22 globally.
* Local

  <pre>
  cd
  mkdir .ec2 && cd .ec2
  mv ~/Downloads/amazon.pem .
  chmod 0600 amazon.pem
  ssh -i amazon.pem root@&;t;IP>
  </pre>

h2. 2009-07-07

h3. Add authentication through nifty_generators

* sudo gem install nifty-generators
* script/generate nifty_authentication
* Create app/helpers/layout_helper.rb, copy content from nifty_layout/generators/layout_helper.rb (because nifty_authentication uses it)

h3. Install Compass to integrate SASS with Rails

* sudo gem install chriseppstein-compass
* compass --rails -f blueprint .
* Remove this line from application.html.haml, for some reason this is not reachable!

  <pre>= stylesheet_link_tag 'compiled/partials/_base.css'</pre>

h2. 2009-03-29

h3. Add rails as a submodule

h3. Move jsgameviewer from public to vendor/plugins/jsgameviewer-0.9.0

* Need to create install.rb and run to copy content over to public/jsgameviewer
* Add public/jsgameviewer to apache config (/etc/apache2/httpd.conf)
  <pre>
  Alias /jsgameviewer /Users/gcao/proj/gocool/vendor/plugins/jsgameviewer-0.9.0
  &lt;Directory "/Users/gcao/proj/gocool/vendor/plugins/jsgameviewer-0.9.0/">
      AllowOverride None
      Options ExecCGI
      Order allow,deny
      Allow from all
  &lt;/Directory>
  </pre>
* Add php support to apache

h2. 2009-03-07

h3. Add dynamic menu

* Download jqueryslidemenu.js, jqueryslidemenu.css, down.gif, right.gif from 
  http://www.dynamicdrive.com/style/csslibrary/item/jquery_multi_level_css_menu_2/#
* Create app/views/layouts/_menu_head.html.erb, _menu_body.html.haml

h3. Add calendar support

* Install calendar_date_select plugin
* sudo gem install calendar_date_select
* Add to environment.rb (config.gem "calendar_date_select")
  
h2. 2009-02-28

h3. Install jRails plugin

* ./script/plugin install http://ennerchi.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/plugins/jrails

h3. Install Haml plugin

* cd ..; git clone git://github.com/nex3/haml.git
* cd haml
* rake install
* cd ../gocool; haml --rails .

h2. 2009-02-07

h3. Add capistrano support

* Copy Capfile from "Bort":http://github.com/fudgestudios/bort.
* Create config/deploy.rb, copy content from Bort:config/deploy/production.rb
* Update project name

h2. 2009-02-06
  
h3. Installed plugins: rspec, rspec-rails

  <pre>
  ./script/plugin install git://github.com/dchelimsky/rspec.git
  ./script/plugin install git://github.com/dchelimsky/rspec-rails.git
  ./script/generate rspec
  </pre>

h3. Deleted test directory
