h2. Features

h3. DONE Integrate sgf_parser

h3. Support upload SGF files

* DONE one sgf file
* many sgf files in one shot
* zipped sgf files

* suppress upload same file, redirect user to previously uploaded game

h3. Support post SGF content (e.g. copy SGF from another page and paste to textarea)

h3. Support broadcast game (Take a SGF url and view it, take a html page and view all games it linked to)

h3. DONE Integrate jsgameviewer

h3. Authentication/authorization

h3. Support rating players and games

h3. Support comments

* option 1: Install act_as_commentable plugin 
* option 2: Support through Disqus

h3. Integrate with a CMS (e.g. MediaWiki or Radiant CMS)

h3. Integrate with a forum software (e.g. Discuz! or phpBB3)

h2. Deployment

* Create AMI instance that has apache+passenger+php+mysql+rails
* Setup repeatable deployment for Capistrano + EC2
* Backup databases, uploaded files to S3
* Restore databases, upload files from S3

h3. Deploy staging environment to same machine using different virtual host

* Gocool
* jsgameviewer
* Database

h2. Design Considerations

h3. Misc

* Do not use AJAX on search form submission and pagination because browser history does not work well with ajax
* Remember parameters on pagination, e.g. on players page, remember gaming platform, username when navigate to next page
* Flash message cleanup

* When there is only one result returned, render it below the search form to make it easier to start another search
** E.g. when search players and there is only one players, show its detail below the search form
